today and here we come to already
first video of the figure like
promised
i was there on saturday because many people ask
me for what so it was really full
we make a lot of videos
heavy
I would like to have a few more videos
made the videos longer longer
reasonable post but I have mine
best tried here are still live
searched directly purely first devices
Little pumped up the 90 kg 20 years
or nothing special I have there
probably more on a channel
on it and here are 50 kilos of bicep curls
I still did it clean
even executed so often even if
I train properly then but mostly
eight repetitions I thought films
I directly with and shows you how
I actually do that slightly
the main thing is the negative but that has yes
everything already explains 50 kilos
the videos just so i have with the
People knew a bit that is
Everything here via voice over I do that
I'm having a great time with them that way
talk to some but now here
in the video not with karls together
we look alike
I'll just give you my opinion
say to the people and we'll take a look
just how happy this is
is and you see here already
we have ex man with his megaphone
he tries his collections too
Selling
Before the preview booth was definitely
very funny the atmosphere there has me
liked a lot
many people would have him on everyone
case, on the one hand, that is natural
mega unnecessary but I can already
understand that he is being talked about
I might as well be a hero again
to do about him
but exactly the opposite is the case here
fall because for me this man is the
first type that showed me like this
Sport works what bodybuilding is
what this lifestyle means
how to live it and what fitness model
is what fitness models do and how
What the nutrition is all about?
so he was just the one who started me
so has gone and earthquake actually
almost everything I taught
today so white
I still have a lot to do myself
acquire the knowledge about follow and
internet as a bog in the end
you can have it as much as you want
for me that's always the type of the first one
youtuber develops what is taught
has in this sport and the extreme
helped when I was in shit
Seen that way I was already rather on
muscle breakdown than build up and have there
I have seen his channel
23 years ago, I think so
his tips are listening and
he helped me a lot so that means
no matter how much beard I can do it
just do not help because he is in me
end-effect helped too much than that
I only have a bad word about him
could lose
Of course he also shit a lot
But the guy has already done so
a funny guy
besides, you do not really become that
Clever in the end was very nice
quite cool to talk to him
photos made the post I want more from
the people are not there you can
yes my comments write that here
means little next to him so me
am times a positively by the mirror in
bathroom you see her like me
next to the other people look
that was already the video with karl it
together
nothing special short video here
Let's see the picture for you
next video with all together that
Do you see then in the next video it comes
look at the morning or the day after tomorrow
how it fits and here are allowed red glory
Doing his body fat see you too
in the next video
Well, there are still a few videos and
thank you for seeing people too